1 - Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.

  The script for this step downloads and unzips the zipped data set from http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones.
  
  The unzipped dataset includes a README describing the dataset, labels for the features variables measured in the dataset, a set of training data, 
  and a set of test data. In this initial step, our script:
  
    1 - loads the "dplyr" library
    2 - sets variable names using the labels "subject" (for test subject variable), "activity" (for the types of actvities during which measurements were taken), 
    and the measurements identifited in the "features.txt" file. 
    3 - creates a "test" dataframe from the "subject_test.txt," "X_test.txt," and "Y_test.txt" files in the dataset and 
    labels the variables using the object created in step 2.
    4 - creates a "training" dataframe from the "subject_training.txt," "X_training.txt," and "Y_training.txt" files in the dataset and 
    labels the variables using the object created in step 2.
    5 - Merges the "test" and "training" dataframes.

2 - Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.

  In this step, our script uses the dplyr select function to create a datframe from only the subject, activity, mean, and std_dev variables

3 - Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set

  This step replaces the activity numbers with the labels from the "activity_labels.txt" file in the activity variable

4 - Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.

  This step was previously accomplished by appling the "features.txt" labels to the "test" and "training" dataframes

5 - From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.
  
  This step groups the dataframe by subject and activity, then summarizes the average for each variable in those groups. This steps then extracts the
  final tidy dataframe into a .csv file. 
